Use GhostableViewController for all cases, part 2 (#6544)
woocommerce/woocommerce-ios: RELEASE-NOTES.txt

-----
- [*] Coupons: Fixed issue loading the coupon list from the local storage on initial load. [https://github.com/woocommerce/woocommerce-ios/pull/6463]
- [*] Jetpack CP: Fixed crash when attempting to access WP-Admin with an invalid URL that has an unsupported scheme. [https://github.com/woocommerce/woocommerce-ios/pull/6502]

> - [internal] Loading ghost screens are refactored to avoid a potential crash. Please quickly smoke test them so they look OK. https://github.com/woocommerce/woocommerce-ios/issues/2448

Reviewer: Super nit: we usually keep the link to the PR within square brackets 😅. I'd suggest updating the message to indicate the removal of duplicated code too:
```suggestion
- [internal] Loading screens are refactored to avoid duplicated code and a potential crash. Please quickly smoke test them to make sure that everything still works as before. [https://github.com/woocommerce/woocommerce-ios/issues/2448]
```

Author: Yeah, I changed the text as suggested and added the PRs related to these changes so they can have a hint of how to test it 👍
